is clean, saves time navigating, and can help with nuance for tickets of the similar variety. 
members throughout tickets’ lifespan, while keeping all of the communication attached and in one place, easy to see. It 
W hen tickets have internal notes, these can give us the ability to communicate faster than emails to other team 
W hat are internal notes used for? 
members. 
needing our help and it can provide team members the ability to work more autonomously, empowering even new team 
and issues. Over time this could turn into a full Knowledge Base of guidance that clients could use without even 
previous efforts to make sure that we work smart and keep ourselves and other teams fresh for truly unique problems 
repeated issues that can be referenced from past tickets. This data is vital for efficiency and effective use of our 
Tickets having so much useful documentation is crucial when it comes to ticket history because there are going to be 
W hy should ticket history be preserved? 
working properly make sure to always send a professional statement of the resolution to the client. 
theories, and testing solutions are all documented properly. Once the ticket is resolved, closed, and everything is 
W hen tickets are resolved we make sure that all of the steps from information gathering, theorizing, troubleshooting 
W hat happens when a ticket is resolved? 
keep the ticket open. 
ticket after gathering information, we document and communicate the task to the team we assigned the ticket to and 
as we can so we can resolve and close the ticket or escalate it to the proper team that can handle it. If we escalate the 
do receive the ticket we speak with the client to gather clarifying information about the problem and determine as much 
decide whether we will claim that ticket, assign it to a team member, or escalate the ticket to Level 2 Support. Once we 
After a ticket is submitted by a client, the IT Support team will get them into a queue where we read the tickets and 
W hat happens after a ticket is submitted? 
once saving companies a lot of time. 
lot of individual tickets coming in. This gives you the ability to get to the core of an issue that resolves multiple tickets at 
eye view on what sort of tickets are coming in and it can reveal a larger, more connected issue than just there being a 
coming in sometimes depending on the state of the organization. So it’s good to have categorization to keep a birds 
prioritize other than the SLA timing. Also it is important for organizational purposes because there can be a lot of tickets 
escalation level if it has not already been assigned/claimed by that Support team. It gives clarity on which tickets to 
It’s important to categorize tickets because we need to resolve tickets in the order of impact or reach and to imply the 
W hy is it important to categorize tickets? 
document whatever decisions were made to try and fix the issue if there were any steps taken. 
machine, and a clear description of what information was gathered during their conversation. They should also 
resolved. The documentation should include the client’s name, details of the issue, whatever is needed to access the 
W hen a user creates a ticket they should describe the experience of the client and their problem needing to be 
W hat information should a user provide when creating a ticket? 
Understanding Ticketing Systems 
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
 
 
support. 
These metrics help identify bottlenecks, balance workloads, improve service quality, and ensure users receive timely 
resolution rate, backlog size, SLA compliance, technician workload, ticket reopen rate, and customer satisfaction. 
they’d be monitoring are the number of open tickets, average response time, average resolution time, first-contact 
The metrics managers use need to  measure how efficiently the IT team is working to resolve tickets. The main metrics 
W hat metrics would help a manager monitor support performance? 
vulnerabilities inside of an organization. 
confusion or ability to go outside of the necessary chain of custody. Also it can further prevent human error and 
Practicing the principle of Least Privilege allows scope and responsibility to remain clear, making sure there is no 
W hy is role-based access important? 
details and the communication between IT Support and the client.  
A Cybersecurity team member would use the ticket information for them to interpret a solution based on the problem’s 
W hy might a Cybersecurity Analyst need access to ticket information? 
pristine details and communication towards the resolution is handled in an orderly manner. 
Support is responsible for gathering the information, for resolving tickets within their role’s scope and to make sure that 
Base insights, they should be able to reply to tickets and communicate with clients and the Level 2 Support teams. IT 
IT Support should be able to claim, assign, create, and escalate tickets. They should also be able to create Knowledge 
W hat should an IT Support technician be able to do? 
Your document mentions multiple user roles. 
User Roles 
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
 
 
 
 
If you had 30 seconds in an interview, how would you explain what Stellar Ticket does? 
different depending on their needs and objectives. 
features and offers deeper customization to users who desire that. Each teams’ version of the application can look 
It is designed to fit the user based on their preferences or the agreement of their own teams. It continuously iterates 
W hat makes Stellar Ticket different from a basic ticketing system? 
for user experience is important for Stellar Ticket, modular parts to keep users engaged. 
management, event logging, dashboards, knowledge base integration, and department workflows. Also the actual GUI 
Stellar Ticket allows for seamless visualization of IT Support operations, role-based access, ticket lifecycle 
W hy would someone use Stellar Ticket instead of email? 
ticketing systems I see that are still widely used today. 
maintaining efficiency and even optimizing some of the functionality of the software in comparison to a lot of the 
of the redundant tasks of ticketing systems. I would hope to gamify and make the work more engaging while 
In a real company, the IT Support and Cybersecurity professionals could use Stellar Ticket as a way to bring life to a lot 
W ho would use this system in a real company? 
cybersecurity perspective. 
ticketing system that resembled its impact and allow me to see from the perspective of Level 2 Support and the 
understanding of the systems, concepts, and procedures that make ticketing systems effective. I wanted to create a 
procedures, and the operations of an enterprise IT Support environment. W ith AI, this has been a new way to get an 
The intention of Stellar Ticket was to build every piece of the ticketing system as a way to design the elements, the 
W hat problem were you trying to solve when you decided to build Stellar Ticket? 
Project Overview 
----------------Page (2) Break----------------
